
IN PROGRESS::

TODO::
o Respond to emails lmfaooo
o Issue template
o Whitelist?? 
o Make subreddit for easier communication...
o Users should be able to submit URLs to a block list from within the app
o User should be able to submit requests for safe list within the app (rn, users email me)
o A donation button to groups that fight sexual exploitation would be super sick
o A donation button to PorNo! would be nice but idk if i wanna make money off of someone's addiction
o iOS strategy: Safari extension, import that to iPhone somehow....idk.........
o Some kind of build script where you add ur API keys into an .env and $ build
 can build a zip of the Chrome Extension with the keys and an updated manifest.json
o Integrate the IBM x force api to "detect" suspicious sites without user or dev intervention
o Integrate some custom method to "flag" suspicious sites for me to review later (ie. if the webpage
 contains a lotttt of porn-y words, flag the page BUT DON'T BLOCK...what if the site is about
 fighting addiction and gets blocked on accident? For example)
o Support Samsung Internet on mobile...and whatever other browsers people use on mobile
o Translations for other languages because people have left feedback that English isn't their language
o A work schedule? With deadlines...would be dope and can help with developer focus
o Bring android app into open source repository as well to keep all code under one repo
o Clean up the code
o Mobile optimizations cuz holy f Android is hard to speed up (speaking of Android, Android Go?)
o Accessibility, we should look into, also I have no idea what or how accessibility relates to this app
o Have fun and share our adventures with our friends!


PorNo! right now is a porn-blocker that recognizes porn sites with an internal list.
What if PorNo! could figure out if a site is pornographic on-the-fly? :D :D

DONE::
√ Generators for lists.js and Domains.java (what about the banned vocab for Java?)
√ Make a done.txt to track tasks
√ Brought Chrome Extension code into the open source repository
√ Switched to Fair Source License in case I add some kind of financial model to PorNo! (someone has reuploaded another
 Chrome extension of mine, which is so bullshit, and also super flattering, but only the users should
 profit off of my work)

